# 4/03/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/04/03/11:15am**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/04/03/12:00pm**

## Location/Medium

Discord

## Present

Tobi, Caleb, Solomon, Cyarina, Mia

## Minute Recorder

Solomon

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed we more or less just discussed what we were planning on doing for the presentation poster. 
- We talked about who would be able to present for the banquet.
- We also discussed  the  feedback we got  from the mentor.

## Things Clarified
- We basically just brushed up on what we had done so far and what needed to be done as the next steps.
- All the task were given out.

## Progress Made
- We well were able to get our availabilities together and make some progress on the presentation posters
- we're still making plans on working on features for our iteration features
