# Week of 1/27/2025 - 2/1/2025

## Meeting Start Time

**2025/01/27/7:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2025/02/22/9:30**

## Location/Medium

Library

## Present

Tobi, Caleb, Solomon, Cyarina, Mia

## Minute Recorder

Tobi

## Topics Discussed

We discussed where everyone was and what pull requests needed to be completed. 

## Things Clarified

Caleb - worked on logic for roth conversion (pull request needed)
Tobi - worked on extra functionality on analyses (taking over roth conversion with making the controller, model, and pages) (pull request needed for analyses)
Solomon and Mia - Guard rails (pull request needed for analyses)
Cyarina - tutorial updates (pull request needed for analyses)
